## Project Overview 

This project aims to accomplish two tasks 1) creating an MBTA helper tool to locate the nearest train stop and whether it has wheelchair accessibility given a location input and 2) creating a web application based on the previously developed helper tool. In working towards the goal of this project, we touched upon concepts learnt including Web API connection, JSON processing, and Web App Development (specifically using Flask). Part 1 of the project pulls information from two different web APIs that are stored in JSON format, which allows us to find the nearest MBTA station based on a given location. Meanwhile, Part 2 focuses on commands from the Flask library, which allows us to customize the webpage and design a functional HTML form connected with a Python back-end. 

## Project Reflection

We would first like to acknowledge the positives in this project. We believe we were effective and efficient in completing Part 1 of the project with knowledge learnt from class and a little additional collaboration among the team members. In addition, we would also like to applaud Professor Li for clearly determining the scope of this project. Though we faced some challenges in Part 2, we think that the clear objective and expectations allowed us to solve problems strategically. A challenge that took some time from us is learning how to connect HTML with Python. While we do have prior knowledge on both the front and the back end of the application, we did not really know what it means to “send a request”, or processing data from the user. As for unit testing, we mostly followed the waterfall method, where we finish one part of the application before proceeding to the next. By focusing on one thing at a time, it allows us to test out each individual function by making incremental changes to it. 

Overall, we feel that it was useful to learn about incorporating HTML forms into Python codes, and we did spend quite some time on understanding the documentations. They might be useful for our term project coming up. Nonetheless, we wished that we had a more systematic understanding of how HTML and the server works beforehand, which would have saved us some time. 

Since we already worked together, we understood our work process. Instead of spending time on group calls, we divided up tasks and worked on them individually. To start our project, we listed out all the things we have to complete. When we faced a problem, we resolved the issue by pushing to GitHub to let each other test out the code. An effective method that we continued to implement from our previous assignment is constant communication where group members are usually active and responsive. What we would do differently is that we would set more defined deadlines. This is because individual group members are sometimes caught up in other urgent tasks outside of class causing delays in some parts of the project. 
